was good
Gavin gets frustrated and he worries too
much about the little things he's too
hard on himself sometimes and he just
needs to move on and grasp the bigger
picture too fast I keep making a lot of
mistakes and the same mistakes and it's
driving me nuts
shoulders down time is flying is that
the full session and I thought I'd pick
things up a lot cooking out where I am
yeah
this is doing this show is show is going
on we didn't get full sessions and I did
joke before if the dance is tomorrow
you can't just so what you do is you go
there and forget about me
beautiful one I know the show is coming
up in two weeks but I'm feeling very
good I'm starting to have more
confidence in Gavin as well and three
very good oh I really think that Gavin
has the potential to become quite a good
dancer